List of bugs:
1. In Alpha release, I had a bug where the program would go out of bounds when the second team in a match is deleted.
There was no proper matchmaking system at the time so I fixed it by resetting the iterator to the first element of the map before each match.

2. I had an issue where the randomistaion seemed to be too similiar between teams for the power level generation.
I believe I've fixed it by switching the srand function from being at the beginning of main to being repeated in the totalPower function loop.

3. I was going to implement a "Man of the Match" feature but kept having bugs trying to randomise which player to be picked.
I was going to fix it by having goals actually assigned to the players but it seemed kind of pointless for the simulation anyway,
since I wanted it to be about the teams in the first place, not the players. Because of this, I decided to not implement the feature
alltogether.

4. There was a bug with reading player names at first, but it was due to me using << instead of getline()

5. I had some trouhble figuring out how to loop the team inititalisation, but figured out that you can use a string variable in a loop to
read the team names from an external file instead of making a seperate loop for all 8 teams.

6.There was a bug where if teams had equal power levels the match function would not work.
I fixed it by adding a condition in the match function where teams can have equal power levels by using an else statement.

7. Has a bug with the old algorithm to calculate the total power that was in the main function.
was fixed by rewriting it as a seperate function.

8. Had a bug where all team power levels were set to 0.
I thought something was wrong with the totalPower function, but it turns out I just never uncommented it from a previous test.

9. Had an issue with the "rounds" loop printing the round name but not actually calling the matches. 
I can't remember the reason for this but it was fixed when I rewrote the loop for the beta release anyway.

10. Had an issue with the powers txt file where it didn;t match the corresponding players in players.txt,
so I had my LLM rewrite it to match the players, and base it on real life opinions of how good a player is.